See where you run
Ha ha.
If you fight like this, you can still climb out
Hahahaha
Don't worry.
last trip
Killing you, Master Wang
Please don't kill me!
Don't you want money?
I'll give you a billion, a billion
Billion billion billion, hahaha, it's over.
Tonight you will stay in this life
Not Li Ying, right?
Run!
You don't open the door
sister-in-law
Have you been beaten up? Sister-in-law is sure that Xinzi is not
Today is your day of death
You're an interesting little cop
I deserve to die and still be here
Since you want to die first
Solved you
Who do you want to solve?
Chen Hao, how did you find this place?
Is it hard to find your hiding place?
Ladies, don't think that the four seasons are a bit different.
It's this hubris.
Since it's not out
Don't go, help me
The time is wrong.
As long as you rescue me this time, I will listen to you
Don't worry, I won't save you.
I came to see him.
boss
Today I will let you taste the power of my failure
Yeah.